Hahahaha
Centennial centipede
Did I hear it right?
Zhang Shoucheng, I'm afraid you really got the lost letter envelope, right?
The lifespan of this centipede is at most 6 years
Dare to say a centipede for hundreds of years
Could it be that this centipede has become a spirit?
I think this poor guy is really crazy
A hundred years of no work
Do you really think you are a demon hunting room?
Why don't you catch a thousand-year-old python and come back?
Millennium python no
There is a century-old spider
I wonder if the Qin family head likes it?
Enough Chief Zhang
I think you are really windy.
Chief Zhang
Do you have to make my Qi family embarrassed to accompany you?
Okay, let's not mention the gift
Besides, Mr. Zhang is my guest of honor
My whole family just came up with a good gift and invited him to come
How about
As expected of the head of the Qin family
Being generous
Not as stingy as some people
Hello, sister.
We finally got mixed up
Not because of this woman
Let Young Master Qin have a bad impression of us
Count yourself lucky
Miss Lin, the Qi family is a good friend of Mr. Zhang
How can you be so disrespectful to them?
Hahaha
These teas
It's the blood water supervisor I specially took from Tianshan
What you soak is a good Longjing
I will apologize to you on behalf of my son Qi Yu
The Qi family is just Su Shou's junior
No matter what mistakes the Qin family has made
It is not worth the attention of the Qin family
In the end, it is still the atmosphere of the Qin family master
The richest man in Su Shou
Pour them tea yourself
Really flattering them, oops
We are family
What an honor!
Hey, please do it yourself.
Thanks to the in-laws, the head of the family likes it.
He also served the tea in person to apologize
It really killed us.
This tea, we drink, we drink
The attitude is quite sincere
For the sake of being so sincere
Let's drink and wait
There is distance in this tea
If you drink it, you will die
What Zhao Xiuchang
You're going crazy again.
Is this obviously a good Longjing?
How could it be poisonous?